hello my friends my name is Missy docks
and thank you for clicking on this video
and I am reacting to youtube poop spinch
ville travels half the globe for a hat
it's by cartoon lever 98 um I have seen
a couple of spongebob YouTube poops and
they they're pretty funny and cartoon
lover I react to them quite a lot so
should be good here I go oh it was
suggested to me by Mountain Dew so what
did you say I'll be right out
I'll me up there in like five minutes
Phil Phil I got two beautiful wife Megan
what say cheese
no boots on a rock
sorry about this calendar ah why would
you do this you're you Squidward oh yeah
I just wanted to say you don't mean me
right now pussy I like cheering what's
fire it's diabolical it's a lot of
incentive see can't Georgie I do I do
Phillip yeah I will rule the Wow it
starts with a cold welcome our new
manager
didn't get the tram with that oh right
the Royal cancer the crime of touching
the king's daughter yes you princess
Mindy mommy mommy
mama come on mama what hi hey all you
people won't you listen to me to the
seven ordinary sandwich cookie goobers
assisted games I would so go there I
want to build me no burrs let me awesome
the gut
what happens when you turbans are crap
hey this isn't water this is sparta does
that mean Cyclops you praise you all
once you find the busy
vaguely
thirsty how did you get crops before
Eugene Krabs I sell the chumbucket
sesame seed if I had a bowl of nails for
breakfast this morning we're all Oh
Chocolat chaud would let go now I said
let go please
ah
we lost our again never mind me where's
the route it's coming here we go
we're your location we can't wait
worship a penis for corns sake did you
want to see my cast no Patrick no
Patrick I'll just turn you into man Oh
close your eyes
this is my real mustache looks like hmm
boy these spiky cleats every responsible
could paint it looks good Patrick that
about us is true you know we're
attractive exactly buddy we did alright
for a couple of country I'm actually
crying cuz I thought they died in the
movie sure do ah good sorry about this
calendar much spongeboob but but blue
under my who's really can cheated
cheater cheater cheater cheater cheater
cheater
they're gonna let you take a bath
I like the whole spongebob not the floor
Oh weather I've been laughing too much
okay well thank you mountain dew that
was enjoyable to watch because I'm Missy
Knox and thank you for watching see ya